Env: Fix typo / grammar README.md (#48952)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/env/README.md

Running `docker ps` and inspecting the `PORTS` column allows you to determine which port `wp-env` is currently using.

> You may also specify the port numbers in your `.wp-env.json` file, but the environment variables takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also specify the port numbers in your `.wp-env.json` file, but the environment variables will take precedence.
```

Reviewer 2: +1 on the suggested change -- "environment variables take" is technically correct (since "take" is about the noun "variables" which is plural), but precedent was definitely the wrong word to use originally :P
